hello people I'm their comic book gamer
today I'm going to be showing you guys
how to install skins on Arkham Asylum
and Arkham City because whenever someone
asked me I always redirect them to mr.
Jackson toriel on arkham origins and you
can pretty much translate that over to
arkham city Arkham Asylum they are a
little bit different though
so yeah I'll show you how to do it
because a lot of people still get
confused with the Arkham origins
tutorial so yeah I'm you're going to
want to download text mod I'll have a
link in the description to text mod you
open it you click on a little file right
here and then it's not going to be on
binaries uh already so what you're going
to want to do is go to this PC go down
to whatever Drive you haven't installed
on Program Files x86 and go to steam see
there it is steam apps right here
common and then Batman Arkham Asylum or
Arkham City whichever one you're going
to um here's an Arkham Asylum as an
example go to binaries and then you hit
shipping PC - BM game that's what you're
going to want to use for our chromosome
to launch it okay um so yeah that's what
you do for our zombie hit open you hit
this little file right here browse and
you select the skin that you want to use
you hit open then you would hit run but
to throw skins in there what you do is
you open steam go to your games right
click properties local files browse
local files go to binaries and that's
where you throw your skins into now
Arkham Asylum is I mean Arkham City is
the exact same except for one extra file
browse local files binaries win32 and
then you throw your skins in there so
yeah that's how you do it and if you
have a problem with with doing it on one
of them for uh for the skins not working
you probably selected the wrong launcher
you probably didn't select like shipping
PC - BM game I don't remember what it is
for
Arkham City I don't feel like gone
through all the files again uh I could I
think I renamed mine though so it's
going to be different than your guys's
this pc did you do put up files x86
steam steamapps steam apps common batman
arkham city binaries 132 yeah that's the
one see that logo is the one you're
going to want to use i just renamed it
but that's the logo so that way you know
which one that is the one to select
because if it doesn't work you might
have select the wrong one it is
important don't select the launcher
remember that this is the one to select
it's going to be named something a
difference going name batman AC is what
it's going to be named not original and
again for arkham asylum its shipping PC
- BM game so yeah that's how to do it
and thanks for watching if you enjoyed
this video please give it a like